Tweak some images for loading and waiting (#372)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/loading.mdx

<DemoCard
    repository={'loading-states'}
    angular={`https://stackblitz.com/github/pxblue/angular-design-patterns?file=src%2Fapp%2Fpages%2Floading-states%2Floading-states.component.ts`}
    react={`https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/react-design-patterns/tree/master?file=/src/pages/loading-states/index.tsx&initialpath=loading-states`}
    ionic={`https://stackblitz.com/github/pxblue/ionic-design-patterns?file=src%2Fapp%2Fpages%2Floading-states%2Floading-states.component.ts`}
    reactNative
/>

The skeleton should match as closely as possible the real _structure_ of the data, using shapes like rectangles and circles. The data _length_, however, may not be available at the time of loading, and it is likely that your skeleton ended up looking slightly different from your real data. This is OK; your mission is only to set up users' expectations.

<ImageGrid
    images={[Wave, Pulsate]}
    caption={[
        'Skeletons are usually animated, to indicate that the application is still running and responding. There are two kinds of skeleton animations.',

>         '1: Wave, where a flash glides pass gray shapes.',
>         '2: Pulsate, where the gray shades change their brightness periodically.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '1: Wave, where a gradient is animated from side to side over gray shapes.',
        '2: Pulsate, where the brightness of the gray shapes is animated periodically.',
```
